Mughal rulers. One day a problem was presented to him. Munim Khan, who was a
governor of Kabul, had been asked by Akbar to come to Delhi, and in his
absence Munim Khan left his son Ghani Khan in charge. In addition, he also left
someone to help his son make decisions, Haidar Muhammad . However both these young men were
too childish and chaos befell the area. Ghani Khan sent a petition to the court stating
that Haidar Muhammad was not doing well at his job. Munim Khan suggested that Haidar
Muhammad be summoned to Akbar’s court. a group of troops was gathered to travel to
to Kabul to help them. His Majesty spent a few days in Delhi and then
the journey began on April 9th, as the group traveled to Agra. The nobles and
pillars of Akbar’s court made the journey by water and more people followed by land.
This painting depicts the watery journey that Akbar and his followers took to Agra. In
the upper part of this painting,designed by Tulsi in 1590-95, it shows a large
group of people parading out of a fortress. This building has beautiful domes that reach
for the sky and the people exit out of a doorway that looks like it has an intricate tile mosaic above it.
In the largest boat in the painting sits Akbar, on an elevated, cushioned royal seat
A myriad of attendants fawn over him. It appears that they are fanning him, rowing
rowing the boat, and hanging on to his every word.  The man in front of him, based
on his hand gestures, appears to be talking to him. He may be giving Akbar
guidance for the journey. Also, Akbar’s boat is the only one that has a covering
to protect from the sun. The lower half of the painting is vibrant and eye catching.
The men wear a variety of brightly coloured tunics. They row their boats through choppy,
fish filled waters. Possibly the rough river could indicate a tumultuous journey, but the fish
leaping up show an abundance of resources. In tow these men also have horses and
hawks in their boats, as well as baskets of supplies. The people that are not
occupied steering the boats or handling the animals seem to have their gazes fixated on
Akbar, as if waiting for instructions or admiring him. There also seems to various skin
tones in the characters of this painting, perhaps showing the multiculturalism of the Mughal
empire. Finally, the group arrived at Agra! It was beautiful, and they all experienced great healing
and abundance.  This was a fortunate time indeed. Akbar took positive leadership here, really focusing
on education, both of spiritual and worldly topics. They also built wonderful houses there
Munim Khan invited Akbar to his home for a special dinner. Akbar accepted, and the
“mansion received celestial glory by the radiance of His Majesty the Shahinshah advent.” There were
beautiful gifts and a grand celebration, and everyone was very happy.